README.md, before:

# stats
## Exercises in model fitting for grad students

These assignments are meant for new graduate students in [my
lab](http://chandlerlab.uga.edu/). They assume that students have some
basic familiarity with statistical inference, but most students will
need help getting through the first few exercises before they are
comfortable with the process of writing likelihood equations and joint
posterior distributions.

The recommended way **to view the exercises** is to compile the .tex
files with `pdflatex` or the .Rmd files with `rmarkdown`. However,
there will also be a .md file that can be viewed directly in github. I
recommend that you view the .md files in Chrome with the 'GitHub with
MathJax' extension enabled so that you can read the equations. 

Most keys will not be available. **To view the keys** that are
available (eg, the lm key), you can create a PDF by running 'knitr' on
the .Rnw file. See the stats/keys/lm/lm-build.R file for
examples. There will also be a markdown file, but the equations may
not be rendered correctly.

There are likely to be mistakes in these exercises. Feel free to let
me know if you find any, and I will try to correct them.

Disclaimer: Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations
expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not
necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.

Commit message:

Added link to website in README

README.md, after:

# stats
## Exercises in statistical model fitting for grad students

### Overview

These assignments are meant for new graduate students in [my
lab](http://chandlerlab.uga.edu/). They assume that students have some
basic familiarity with statistical inference, but most students will
need help getting through the first few exercises before they are
comfortable with the process of writing likelihood equations and joint
posterior distributions.


### Viewing the exercises and keys

The recommended way to view the exercises and keys is through the [companion
website](https://rbchan.github.io/stats/). However, you can also build
the files yourself by running 'knitr' on source code in this
repository. Most keys will not be publically available. 


### Caution

There are bound to be mistakes in the exercises. Please let me know if you find any and I will try to correct them.

Disclaimer: Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations
expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not
necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.
